Brothers
Commander Fan has orders
We are not a ragtag army
When told to advance
You must not retreat
When told to stand
You must not lie down
You even made me sign a Military pledge
How do we start now?
This is our only chance
If we miss it, it'll be hard to kill him later
Don't look so anxious
Just follow me when the time comes
A chubby kid's luck is never bad
Do you think a Military pledge is a joke?
That costs you your head
I'm warning you
Don't act rashly
Or I'll take your dog life first
Commander, you don't need to supervise personally
It's just two regiments
Nothing to fear
I'm here to watch the show
Gunners, get ready
Commander Fan, enemies cross paths
It's you
It is you
This battle will be easy
War isn't playing house
Since we are in an alliance
You must obey orders and listen
Understand?
You fleece the people
Oppress the common folk
Rape women
You son of a bitch are just a pervert
Listen to you? Why should I?
Curse him
You son of a bitch
Occupying my uncle's cousin's land
You're really not a decent thing
You also occupied my shop
Driving me to a dead end
That's why I went up the mountain to be a bandit
None of us will listen to you dog
That I stooped to ally with you
You ragtag army
Don't push your luck
Bullshit, bullshit, bullshit
Dozens of bullshits
Ragtag army
Bootlicker army
Bandit army
Dung beetle army
What does that mean?
Didn't they make a deal?
Interesting
Pervert army
Who fired?
Darn it
Shooting from the dark
Take cover
Go
We take cover too
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe
Whoever I pick, I hit
Hit him
Fan
You need to know what you're here for
No one will listen to you son of a bitch
This is called the will of the people
So should we help
The fiercer side
I picked him, didn't I?
He's lucky
Want to catch them all in one net
Aren't you making them more united?
Muzzle left, fifteen degrees
Fire
Brother
Why did you only bomb them?
Thank you, Commander Liao
We came here to fight you
Why did you help us fight instead?
Because you're cute
So what do we do now?
Do we keep fighting or what?
No more fighting
You guys go back on your own
We're in trouble
He isn't helping you
He wants to break the Chen-Wei alliance
Helping you...
...is actually making you the scapegoat
To make people think you betrayed the alliance
That you turned traitor
Damn it!
What are you doing?
Xuanjizi
Why are they locking me up?
Commander, you can't do this
Commander Fan hit the wrong target
But at least he won the battle
Retreating safely from a three-way standoff...
...shows that he is capable
Listen to the crap you're spouting
I just managed to untie the knot
And he tied it up again for me
And he tied a dead knot at that
Division Commander Chen was originally an enemy
If he hooks up with Liao Guanguan...
Then we become enemies too
He is your sworn brother
He wouldn't turn traitor
If he turns traitor, I'm screwed
If he doesn't turn traitor, I'm also screwed
He dug such a big pit
And told me to jump in
This is the "lucky general" you found for me
Do not suspect the one you employ, Commander
That battle was meant for Nanjing to see
The effect has been achieved
But it shouldn't make enemies for me on all sides
Just listen to my advice
Listen to your advice, my ass
Lock him up
Commander!
A blessing in disguise!
That Fan Sha'er
He is just a shit-stirrer
Commander Qin and I both signed a military pledge
He still didn't believe it
No vision, petty-minded
Didn't fire at the enemy
But fired at his own side
Which caused our regiment's crushing defeat
Division Commander Chen
We must kill him
Avenge Commander Qin
The alliance he facilitated...
Why would he turn against it?
He's vicious
He just wants to kill me to settle a personal grudge
It was Wei Mangzi who was one step ahead of me.
What ability does that ragtag army have?
To wipe out Commander Qin?
Commander Liao.
Commander Liao fought us together with him.
Liao Guanguan.
It wasn't Wei Mangzi who gave the order.
It was Fan Sha'er who defected to Liao Guanguan.
It's possible.
Or...
Commander Liao and Commander Wei colluded.
Specifically targeting me.
That's also possible.
You are the staff officer.
Can you give me an accurate answer?
It's Fan Sha'er and Commander Liao...
...who have colluded.
So what should we do now?
Wait.
Brother.
Something's not right.
What do you mean?
Commander Wei has orders.
Disarm and return to barracks.
We just went out for a bit.
You're treating us like the enemy?
You don't fight the enemy, you fight allies?
Who knows if you're friend or foe right now?
If we really wanted to defect,
we wouldn't have come back.
I'll say it again.
Disarm and return to barracks.
On what grounds?
Try moving and see what happens.
Commander Fan, no offense intended.
We are just following orders.
If we go back empty-handed,
we'll be meat on the chopping block.
About this matter,
I should be able to explain it to Commander Wei.
Attention, everyone!
Put your guns...
...down.
Put them down.
This is Commander Liao's stratagem of division.
To break our alliance with Division Commander Chen.
He could have helped Commander Qin fight you.
Why did he choose to help you instead?
He said I...
He said I'm good-looking.
You think I'm a dark kid who's never seen the sun?
A fat kid who's never eaten fatty meat?
You don't even understand this?
Surely destroy the strong army and keep the weak one.
Otherwise keep the strong army for the New Year?
Who is this brat?
Enough talk.
Just a kid, ignore him.
I kindly took in your ragtag mob.
And this is how you repay me?
What do you mean "took us in"?
You clearly begged us to come.
Drag him out!
Court-martial him!
Commander Wei!
Every word I said is true.
I, Fan, would never betray a brother.
Please, you must believe me.
Once you put on this uniform,
you are a soldier.
A soldier's duty...
...is to obey orders.
If you disobey orders,
never mind sworn brothers,
even blood brothers must be punished.
Drag him out!
Commander Wei!
You've fallen for Commander Liao's trap, don't you know?
I have to do this...
...to give Division Commander Chen an explanation.
Take him away!
What?
Stop! Let go! Stop!
Who dares touch a hair on my head?
I guarantee...
...Commander Liao will skin you alive.
What do you mean?
Commander Fan didn't defect.
I was kidnapped by them.
Who is this brat?
I am Commander Liao's son.
I am Commander Liao's father.
Release him.
Commander Wei.
Sorry.
Our Master...
...just wants to have a happy birthday today.
Only your boss has this honor.
Commander Wei, this way please.
Commander Wei
Let me introduce two friends to you
They're interested in some shops in your district
We are willing to pay the owner
double the price
But that has nothing to do with me
Commander Wei is definitely a partner
Profits will be split evenly
That settles it then
If there are any issues
you talk to him
Good, good, good
Excuse me for a moment
Commander
Adjutant, about this matter
Today
I'm delighted to share a dance with you, Miss
Me too
It is truly the honor of a lifetime
Division Commander Chen, you're in high spirits
You still have the nerve to see me?
I came specifically to pledge my loyalty to you
Beauty, don't block the way, move aside
The two of us will dance
Division Commander Chen
I have investigated thoroughly
It was that old fox
Liao Guanguan who was behind it
Why should I believe you?
What reason would I have to lie to you?
Think about it
With my handful of ragtag soldiers
how could I possibly defeat Liao Guanguan?
I can only cling to your coattails
to have a slim chance of survival
What exactly must I do
for you to believe me?
According to reliable sources
Liao Guanguan has a shipment of arms
that will pass through your defense line
You intercept it for me
Intercept the arms
And also
You can't make good use of Fan Pengju anyway
You... hand him over to me
Division Commander Chen
We have only just started our alliance
and you're already poaching my men?
If you want to ally with me
you have to show some sincerity
Your arrival
is the greatest gift to me.
That your three divisions coexist peacefully
allowing our common folk
to live stable lives.
Here,
on behalf of all the people in the city,
I thank you.
Wishing you, sir,
Boundless happiness and eternal longevity.
Commander Wei
ordered me to intercept Commander Liao's munitions.
With this,
to make amends to Division Commander Chen
for my mistake of killing Commander Qin.
Commander Liao is your old man.
And we are sworn brothers.
So that means
I have to go intercept
my brother's old man's munitions.
Give me that eight-treasure oil cake.
It's intercepting your old man's munitions.
Don't worry about me.
Grab a bit more.
You shouldn't have revealed your identity.
If I didn't reveal it,
you would have eaten a bullet.
But now you're in even more danger.
They'll all use you to threaten Commander Liao.
Let them threaten.
They wouldn't dare do anything to me anyway.
Don't worry.
I'll definitely find a way
to send you back to Commander Liao.
I won't go back.
I'd rather be locked up here.
What's going on with you and your old man?
What kind of deep hatred is there?
Only family members
won't harm you.
Didn't you run away from home too?
If I told you to go back,
would you go back?
Give me that fig.
Okay.
Our Weiyuan figs still taste the best.
What is this?
I made it for my son.
Your son?
Your sister-in-law Yuzhen
should be giving birth soon.
But
I haven't found her yet.
We are both fellow sufferers wandering the world.
Luckily, although life outside is bitter,
it is free and unrestrained.
Besides,
our ambition
isn't it to roam the world
and fight for justice?
When I get back, I'll send you home.
I'm not going back.
I won't go back with you.
You're so annoying.
It's this pier.
Taking the water route.
Commander Liao can only use this pier.
But to return to his barracks,
he must pass through Commander Wei's defense zone.
I understand.
Commander Liao's troops
will be back within three days.
Is the intelligence reliable?
Commander Fan,
I am the commander of the intelligence company, after all.
I'm at least that certain.
Hey, Company Commander,
tell that guy Wei to get a few machine guns.
As soon as they dock,
just sweep them and be done with it.
Exactly, it'd be less trouble.
Since it's the only pier Commander Liao can use,
there will surely be heavy troops receiving them.
Once shots are fired,
the main force will swarm over.
When that happens,
who will be sweeping whom?
So many munitions,
we can't just carry them off.
We can't carry them,
and Commander Liao's men can't carry them either.
They definitely have transport trucks.
So we'll intercept his trucks.
That's a good idea.
What are you doing here?
The Commander ordered me to come help you.
Sounds nice.
I'm afraid Commander Wei sent you to monitor me.
With that road as the boundary
The southwest is Commander Wei's defense zone
The northeast is Commander Liao's defense zone
Commander Liao's convoy...
This is the only way through.
Only this road is passable for vehicles.
Dongshihui
Boss Fan
Master
Master, I missed you so much.
I went inside to relieve myself,
and found out the boss is your apprentice.
Master.
Let me introduce you.
These two are the bosses of
the other two Dongshihui branches in town.
I specifically called the two of them
to come show off their skills.
You can try it later
and see if they've mastered the craft.
Quick, pay your respects.
Master, hello Grandmaster.
Master, Grandmaster, hello Great-Grandmaster.
Not bad, not bad.
I'm already a Great-Grandmaster.
You two go get busy.
Go on now.
This location is not bad.
Master.
It's all thanks to you.
Usually around here,
what kind of customers do you serve?
We are quite close to the pier,
so usually it's mostly dock workers.
The passing soldiers,
do they give you trouble?
No, no, no.
They are all regular customers here.
Usually when they have a mission,
they always eat two meals here.
Once when heading out,
and once when coming back.
A soldier came to book a table today.
It seems he said
a troop is returning in the next couple of days.
Apprentice.
Doing business isn't easy.
However much we eat today,
I will pay for it all.
Master.
Why are you saying this to me?
However many days you stay here,
I'll treat you to that many meals.
To tell you the truth,
I'm on a mission this time.
I need you to do us a favor.
This Sichuan pepper is very important.
Too much will numb the mouth,
too little and it won't be fragrant.
Move aside, let me do it.
Come on, Master.
Look, look.
Although it's spicy hot pot,
fermented rice wine is very important.
How have you forgotten everything I taught you?
Why are you teaching skills at a time like this?
When do we add this?
Add it now.
How much?
Pour it all in.
Alright.
Master, is this your secret recipe?
With this added,
how is the taste different?
Lao San, have a taste.
Okay.
Can't taste the difference.
Seems okay.
You two idiots, what kind of tongues do you have?
Let me try.
It's great.
See? See?
None of you three tasted anything strange.
Those soldiers,
how could they possibly taste it?
That's right.
Master.
What... what did you put in there?
If the soldiers eat this,
I won't be able to escape the blame, Master.
I dare not, I dare not.
I can't do this.
I... I really dare not.
Don't panic.
Let me think again.
I'll go report to Commander Fan.
The Company Commander is awake! He's awake!
We're here, right?
R-Reporting, Sir.
Everything is ready.
Good.
What's wrong with you today?
N-Nothing.
Hurry up! Hurry up! Assemble!
Second Squad, stand guard.
Yes, Sir!
Let's go together.
If you want the horse to run...
...it has to eat grass.
The stuff on that truck...
...is more important than our heads.
Please, please.
Why did you close the door?
You are honored guests.
No idlers allowed to disturb you.
What are you doing?
Sir.
I see you frequent this shop often.
We serve hotpot too.
Why don't you come eat at our place?
And which place are you?
Also called Dongshihui.
We're cleaning customers' ears for free today.
Come, let us help you relax, Sir.
All right.
Why is everyone dozing off?
Drank too much.
You must really be drunk.
The wine hasn't even been opened.
Oh no.
I knew it.
With me here, it's in safe hands.
Master.
Is it done? Is it done?
Master owes you for this one.
Children of the Jianghu never back down.
You won't be able to get off the hook now.
I've wanted to open a shop in Chengdu for a long time.
It's just that the date...
...has been moved up a bit.
This livelihood of mine...
...was all given to me by you, Master.
Don't mention it.
And thank you, heroines, for your help.
Take it out.
What?
Master will remember this.
We'll meet again.
Take care.
Okay. Come on, let's go.
Take care. Take care.
Oh, right. Right. Right.
Hurry up, hurry up.
Wasn't half of this supposed to be Division Commander Chen's?
Why is it all going into storage?
Commander Fan, stay out of this.
Brother Fan.
You're finally back.
The Little Boss, he...
What happened?
Commander Wei sent him to Division Commander Chen.
What?
Darn it.
Why did you take Commander Liao's son...
...and send him to Division Commander Chen?
He is just a burning hot potato.
If I didn't send him away,
should I let Liao Guanguan come hassle me?
You could have just...
...returned him to Commander Liao.
Tie the guy up,
and then send him back?
Now he's in Cousin Chen's hands.
Let the two of them fight it out.
You think Division Commander Chen can't see...
...what you're planning?
What does that have to do with me?
He got Liao Guanguan's son.
I got Liao Guanguan's munitions.
It's very fair.
You're swallowing the munitions too?
Commander, you can't do this.
If Division Commander Chen finds out,
he might return the kid to Commander Liao in a rage,
and then the two of them could join forces...
...against us,
then we're in trouble.
Impossible.
Knowing Cousin Chen as I do,
he wouldn't go sucking up to anyone.
Commander...
...we must be cautious about this.
He's already been sent away.
What's the use of talking all this crap?
Just a little kid.
Nothing but a bargaining chip.
You...
...have been using me all along.
You said you were saving me,
but your goal was just to expand your own troops.
Making me and my brothers cannon fodder.
Imprisoning Xiugu.
Trading a child.
Destroying your alliance with Division Commander Chen.
You disloyal, unfilial...
...heartless, unjust son of a bitch!
I was completely blind...
...to become sworn brothers with you.
You have sores on your head...
...and pus oozing from your feet, you scumbag.
Asshole.
Just a little kid.
Nothing but a bargaining chip.
To win, you'll do whatever it takes?
To win, one can do whatever it takes.
Yes.
To win,
one can indeed do whatever it takes.
Drink up.
Bottoms up.
Coming, coming.
We're different now.
Before, stealing some grain...
...felt like we did something huge.
What are we stealing now?
Munitions.
Exactly. Sister-in-law,
you didn't see it.
That stuff was scary.
A toast to Sister-in-law.
Every time we come back from a mission,
Sister-in-law makes us good food.
Sister-in-law, thank you for your hard work.
To Sister-in-law.
Don't be shy, we're all family.
I'll go make you some more food.
Okay, okay.
Brothers,
I have decided
to leave Commander Wei.
We should have left long ago.
I'm with you.
But with so many of us,
where can we go?
Worst case, we go back to the mountains.
Don't be too rash.
Commander Wei has his issues,
but at least he
made you a regular army.
He is not a man I can follow.
You...
are you coming with me or not?
Decide for yourself.
We did so much for Commander Wei.
Leaving just like this...
lets him off too easy.
If you ask me,
we might as well steal the munitions.
You son of a bitch, that's a great idea.
Those munitions should belong to us anyway.
Right. We want to set up on our own,
we need guns in our hands.
After we steal the munitions,
we'll go find Division Commander Chen.
Why?
To save Little Boss.
My brother,
that is Commander Liao's son.
We can write him a letter.
He will go himself.
No need for us to get involved.
No matter whose son he is,
he is my brother.
Just like everyone here.
No matter who is in trouble,
I won't give up on anyone.
To Big Brother!
Come on, come on!
Big Brother,
there's one more important thing.
Ma Laohu hasn't been avenged yet.
Big Brother,
you promised her.
You have to avenge her.
Commander Fan.
Don't you worry about that.
I will handle it myself.
Keep him safe.
Do you hear me?
You won't go snitch, will you?